## Today's Chores
- [x] Check the mail
- [x] Wash a load of dishes
- [x] 15-minute house tidy
- [x] Sweep
- [x] Personal laundry
	- [x] Wash
	- [x] Dry
	- [x] Put away
- [x] Mop
- [x] Vacuum

## Today's challenges (pick at least one from each category)
### Spiritual
- [ ] Book of common prayer
- [ ] Full chapter of the verse of the day
- [ ] Work on memorization
- [ ] Prayer session
- [x] Listen to audio Bible or sermon
### Creative/attention span
- [ ] Physically journal
- [ ] Watercolor
- [x] Practice music
- [ ] Write
- [ ] Read/listen to audiobook
### Movement
- [ ] Grip trainer/stretch bands
- [ ] Stretch
- [ ] Walk
- [ ] Short cardio
- [x] Short bodyweight 

## Morning check-in
### What are my goals today?
I want to actually get some cleaning done this afternoon! And I'd like to be productive at work.
### How did I sleep?
Not great, but also not too bad.
### What is going to be a struggle today?
Getting all of my chores done this afternoon. I'm going to want to just come home and rot or waste time.
### What is going to be easy today?
I have all my lessons prepped at work, so teaching should be pretty easy today.

## Evening check-in
### Did I meet my goals and tasks today?
Yes! 100%!
### Was I right about what might be easy or hard?
For the most part. Chores actually weren't that hard but I wasn't as productive at work as I would have liked.
### What is one thing I can do better tomorrow?
Get some things done before work.
### What is one thing I'm grateful for today?
Having more energy today!

## Nutrition

| Meal      | Food                             | Nutrition score | Notes                                        |
| --------- | -------------------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Breakfast | Oatmeal                          | 4               | Added cinnamon, vanilla, and chocolate chips |
| Lunch     | Caesar salad with chicken strips | 4               |                                              |
| Dinner    |                                  |                 |                                              |
| Snacks    | Peach yogurt                     | 3               |                                              |
